Privacy Notice

This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the Chelsea Consolidated Schedule and Midtown Consolidated Schedule. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
1.	What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.	What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.	The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4.	How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

Information Collection, Use, and Sharing 
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to send you reminders of assigned meeting parts – either yours only, for each meeting, or for the purposes of a scheduler sending you a responsibilities schedule, depending on your choice at the provision of your information and your congregation responsibilities. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our congregation.
Unless you ask us not to, we may email you with meeting part reminders, schedule updates and part changes.

Your Access to and Control Over Information 
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address chelseagatineaucongregation@gmail.com
•	See what data we have about you, if any.
•	Change/correct any data we have about you.
•	Have us delete any data we have about you.
•	Express any concern you have about our use of your data.

Security 
We take precautions to protect your information. When we receive your information in person, by email or by phone, it is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, such as your email address or your congregation responsibilities, we store it in a hidden sheet which only elders and the administrator will have access to for the purposes of scheduling meeting parts. All other accesses are read-only and cannot view the hidden information.

If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at chelseagatineaucongregation@gmail.com or directly to the elders.

